Ok, here I tell you what I had experienced, the whole film is like a big
mansion, and with a pack of myths you can't wait to know it, then they were
uncovering it like peeling onions layer by layer, you got more excited, and
when there were the most evidences discovered, the final truth you know was
left in this last room, they opened it and you strike through the door , you
saw….

A toilet.

Oh! Oooh…. Yes, a toilet, sure you've looked around the whole mansion and
how couldn't you find a toilet? Thanks bro! thanks to show me the last truth
IN A TOILET!
Jesus Christ thanks you!

Then, I'm truly revealing you what the hag is going on in this film. It's
basically a fiction, rubbish and with clones as its main structure, the
spaceship NASA sent to discover Titan, the biggest satellite of Saturn, had
meet Tetra, the UMA stuff, and Tetra is trying to suck the ship, so the
commander Jack, dear Cruise, decides to project the rest of the members who
were still in the sleepers and also include his wife Julia but he still had a
company of the vice commander, the British accent mistress-like Victoria,
then both of them were sucked.

After maybe a while, the disconnected earth saw Tetra come, first destroyed
the moon, cause big earthquake and waves, then it put out thousands and
thousands of Tom Cruise with a not-that-space-gun space gun and dronesto kill,
by the way Morgan Freeman as a soldier survive from the catastrophe with some
people on a big rock in the Chicago, I don't understand too I'm just saying
it.


上下防雷，地球被外星人入侵，不得已使用核彈後慘勝，湯姆克魯斯是一個無人機維修員

，跟他的工作夥伴Victoria一起在已無人居住的地球維護無人機以及水資源的回收，準備

回收完水資源後回到人類移居的泰坦居住，但是緊追不捨的Scavenger不斷的侵擾，維修

員跟他的好夥伴能如期回泰坦度假嗎？

故事當然不是憨人所想的那樣，劇情峰迴路轉，說好是安全考量而消除的記憶竟讓他回憶

起意外拾獲的睡眠艙中的一個叫茱莉亞的女人！維多利亞見兩人相見如故如修舊好，心中

不禁妒火中燒，維多利亞要如何挽回跟阿湯哥之間的關係，打敗小三茱莉亞？

又或是這個小三茱莉亞，身影和已不存在的美國街道一同出現在阿湯哥記憶中的女人究竟

又藏有哪些秘密？

而名叫Scavenger但trailer卻出現摩根費里曼的地球上的外星人又會和阿湯哥擦出什麼樣

驚人的火花？多重的疑點、可疑的記憶、阿湯哥的世界真的是阿湯哥所熟知的世界嗎？

阿湯哥所守護的又真的是阿湯哥所守護的嗎？

層層被解析的謎團，一步步踏入危險而驚悚的真相，你，一定不能錯過！！！

請各位放心，劇情絕對沒爛尾，內容絕對符合邏輯，若細細品味細節就會發現劇中人物的

一動一靜充滿感情令人有感而發，可以說是科幻版犀利人妻！


Then is after the trailer, the memory-wiped two pilots, Jacky and Vicky, had
been told that the earth was a ruin after nuke destruction with no survivors
but the invaded aliens called scavengers they haven’t witnessed yet because
they don’t do the killings the drones do, they are just monitoring and
maintaining drones, and after 2 months the water absorb system will took all
water back to Tetra, they called it headquarter, they will be off duty and they
could happily fuck each other in the colony Titan with the rest of people.
But the truth is there were tremendous pairs of Jacky and Vicky help alien
suck up water, cleaning up their own kind, and they were separated in sectors,
been told that out of sector has radius good to kill you to avoid they saw
their clones.
But the curious Jacky number 49 lived a bit too free on earth, built up a
wood house beside a lake filled with lots of stuffs he picked up as souvenir
which had shown up in his former memory, and Morgan found that and thought
that shit could be the turning point. Morgan want to catch him and also do
scavenger things, stealing energy bar from drones, and sabotage the
water-absorb system.
And because they want the plutonium on the space ship we talked about, they
set up beacon to let space ship drop , which make Jack 49 accidentally saw his
real wife, however he help her but didn't know that, so Morgan help him to
pick up memories and let him discover the clones himself, finally he is truly
going to help his own kind now.
Their plan was to use a drone they caught and let Jack set its track back to
Tetra with a bomb, but had drones popped up, slaughtered people in the shelter
and drone was down,failed. So the last shot was to let Jack take his rescued
woman back to Tetra with a bomb again, but, booby trap! Who he holds the hand
up from sleeper is Morgan! Ignite detonator, KABOOOOOOM! Girl was alive and
meet his another husband number 52, feel like his wife fucked by his brother,
however 52 said they are the same but l don’t take that shit.

If you saw my whole english spoiler, and feel fun, please have some feedbacks
 for me, that would make my words rewarded.












