新聞網址：
<a href="http://www.pacificrim-movie.net/news/732" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">http://www.pacificrim-movie.net/news/732</a>

APR-18-2013
Pacific Rim vs. Transformers - del Toro responds to Michael Bay's
'Rip Off' comment

Pacific Rim Director Guillermo del Toro assured audiences at CinemaCon
this past week, that his giant robot vs. giant monster movie is the furthest
thing from Michael Bay's Transformers after Bay made a general statement
 about there being 'quite a few rip-off robot movies recently'. Well, this
didn't go over too well with Del Toro. Read on for the full story.

Michael Bay, who was at CinemaCon promoting his upcoming Pain &amp; Gain movie,
said this to theater owners:

There have been quite a few "rip-off' robot movies and that audiences know
better.
麥可貝在一宣傳新片的場合中說目前有很多抄襲機器人電影

Though Bay did not name any titles or call Pacific Rim out for "ripping off"
of Transformers, Del Toro got wind of the comment after The Hollywood Reporter
caught up with him, and he responded by clarifying that Pacific Rim is the
furthest thing from Transformers:
雖未指名道性, 但 Del Toro對號入座指出環太平洋比變形系列更前衛,

"We are far, far, far away from that in a very willing fashion, for good or
bad, this is my movie. This is my universe and my creation, and I do not create
through comparison."

"There is an operatic quality to Pacific Rim in terms of size and scope,
del Toro says. In the film, the robots are as tall as 25-story buildings - much
 larger than the Autobots of Bay's franchise -- and they take on invading alien
 monsters."
Del Toro:在我的電影裡機器人有5層樓高,比貝的博派高太多,對抗外星入侵怪獸

The fights don't occur in well-lit, super cool, car commercial-looking
environments. They occur in the middle of a raging sea storm or in a savage
snowstorm. They happen in a universe that is incredibly saturated."
戰鬥也不是發生在充足光線,超炫的汽車廣告之下,而是在怒吼的大海或狂暴風雪下.

So, regardless if Michael Bay's comment was directed at Pacific Rim, fans and
followers should not compare the two in the same light.
所以影迷們不應把兩部片擺在一起比較.

In related Transformers news, Michael Bay will be kicking off a new trilogy
with Transformers 4 hitting theaters June 27th, 2014.

Pacific Rim hits theaters July 12th, 2013 in 3D and 2D.

評:賣靠北你把無敵鐵金剛擺哪兒?