The area: Technical Infrastructure
 Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the
Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and
maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google
platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our
engineers' eng
ineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild
them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our
users have the best and fastest experience possible.

The role: Program Manager, Hardware Operations
 Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to
keep the big picture in focus while being able to dive into the unique
engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical Program Manager at
Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your
engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and
usher projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing
project schedules, identifying risks and clearly communicating them to
project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's analyses
and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical
trade-offs in product development with engineers.

Responsibilities:

‧ Manage multiple, simultaneous data center projects from inception through
completion
‧ Gather requirements and define the scope of the project. Find resources,
manage resource allocation for projects. Develop a plan and schedule, with
well-defined milestones.
‧ Manage communication of progress/status with customer groups in various
locations and timezones; Own and nurture relationships between
cross-functional teams
‧ Remove roadblocks and keep processes running smoothly.
‧ Define and develop cross-team roles, expectations, and responsibilities;
drive process development and iterative optimizations.

Minimum qualifications:

‧ BA/BS degree (In lieu of degree, 4 years relevant work experience).

Preferred qualifications:

‧ Master's degree in a technical field.
‧ Data Center operational background and 2 years of large scale project
management experience.
‧ Demonstrated ability/experience to manage complex projects involving team
members from multiple disciplines and geographies; experience within complex
organizational settings (e.g., PMO, geographic dispersion, etc.)
‧ A strong sense of focus and excellent attention to detail while working in
a very fast-paced environment.
‧ Strong prioritization, multitasking, problem-solving and organizational
skills; excellent communication, interpersonal, and analytical abilities.
‧ Fluent in English and Mandarin Chinese

==

提供給大家

更多資訊:<a href="http://www.facebook.com/TechLadders" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">http://www.facebook.com/TechLadders</a>
